User Administration: Lab:1

1. Create 10 User account with different user names and Id's fill the complete form and observe all the fields in user table
2.Create 2 groups ( servicenow support, salesforce support)
3. Add 5 users in 1st group, add 5 users in the 2nd group
4.Check the functionality of roles, Administration, ITIL, itil_admin,ESS by giving to different users
5.Check the locked out and active checkbox functionality
6.Check the impersonate functionality
7.Check the possibility to add roles to users and groups check the behaviour
8.Check how to add user to group from user record, how to add user to group from group.
9.Create 2 Roles named as ( brillio_problem, brillio_change) for brillio_problem assign problem application, For brillio_change assign change application give this roles to different users and test the access.
10.create 1 role names as brillio_IPC  give incident,problem,change application access by using contain roles option.
11.Create one new company,department,location from the respective tables and add to users.
12.check the functionality of the delegate user
13. Check the functionality of the Override application menu roles checkbox in the module.
14.Create a role named as prb_createnew that should give access only to the create new module in the problem application, other module access should not come with this role.
15.Create one elevated role named as brillio_elevate that should give access to system security applications only whenever the user is elevated.
16.Create one role named IPC_open  that should provide access to all incidents, problems, and change applications Open module only.
17. Create a role named as brillio_resolved that should give access to resolved incidents only to the users and should be an elevated role.
18. create 1 role names as brillio_IPC  give incident,problem,change application access by using contain roles option. for this requirement make this role as elevated and check whether elevated functionality works or not.
19.Create a role named as brillio_selfservice that should restrict self service application.
20.Check the functionality of impersonator role
21.Check the functionality of timezone and Date format fields in the user table.
22.Create 10 Users 
23.Create 2 groups ( ericson_internal, ericson_External)
24.Create 2 Roles named as ( ericson, ericson_elevate) for techtroop assign incident application, For ericson_elevate assign problem application access with elevate checkbox true. 
- give Ericsonrole to 1 st group, eicson_elevate to 2nd group, check how it will work by login to the different groups.




A Delegate User is someone who is temporarily authorized to act on behalf of another user in ServiceNow. Delegates can receive and respond to approvals, notifications, or tasks that are normally assigned to the original user.



🔑 "Roles" vs. "Contains Roles" in ServiceNow
1. Roles (on User Record)
This refers to the roles directly assigned to a user.

You see this in the Roles related list on a User record.

It determines what that specific user can do, based on the permissions tied to the roles.

Example:

If you assign brillio_problem to user1, then brillio_problem appears in Roles on the user's profile.

2. Contains Roles (on Role Record)
This is a list of other roles that a given role inherits.

When Role A contains Role B, any user assigned Role A automatically gains all permissions of Role B.

Think of it like role hierarchy or role inheritance.

Example:

If brillio_problem contains the problem_user role, then anyone with brillio_problem will also functionally have problem_user.

🔁 In Simple Terms:

Term	Where You See It	Meaning
Roles	On a User record	The roles directly granted to a user
Contains Roles	On a Role record	The roles that are inherited by this role



allows users with the module role to access the module even if they do not have permission to view the containing application menu




